ah
hello everybody do a demo video
the knoc 600 as they have them as it has modules
the device has no box or note
tax but for a new unit is new
was never used
left the box that was formed
practically parliament without any
perfect scratch condition
I'll show you right here, treasure
direct that does not have a scratch on
perfect state
it is in the film the device only there
portal fits the invoice only worth
The device
the charger and the battery
it supports a memory card and you
you can either install the application or
remote gaming other magic
recording here with the mother count on the
other
I'm going to turn the device on now, how are you?
see
the old appliance however compared to
some gadgets that come from nowadays
most current in a fairly
no other appliance that falls
here the only thing that can
happen if he falls are in robbery
by fence to pet a background hood
usually the back cover and battery
that you loose fit normally and
you can connect it works for
device that goes with the rest of your
existing life
only if someone steals from your hand you
lose but if it is in comparison to
resistance well you're going to be 11 years old I
had to give said i had nine
years with the presence never difficult because
how wagner worked
the application of seop now only every good and
he was tall there buying his highlight
then decided not to attend
said that if it's called shock,
two more that already have a name is already
practically a match
this week then also loader in
perfect state
come on
remembers him is to watch as financial
the configuration of a semi it was of
voice on memo to solicitor store recording
the basic games here connectivity
red doctor
we have
it's good to have an application show you can
install it already arrived in it
other staff
the stretch the traditional boot there personal
for those who did not see the device closely
you can see from the recording that the
is in perfect state of use
ah